When we got married, we didn’t give you any lavish betrothal gifts.
This means I won't give it to you.
This can be regarded as my not giving it to you. This can be regarded as my not giving it to you.
This counts as my not giving it to you. This counts as my not giving it to you. This counts as my not giving it to you. This counts as my not giving it to you. This counts as my not giving it to you. This counts as my not giving it to you. This counts as my not giving it to you. I won't give it to you. This is me
I won’t give it to you. I won’t give it to you. I won’t give it to you. I won’t give it to you.
It's up to you. This means I won't give it to you.
This means I won't give it to you.
This is what I don’t
This way I can keep others from worrying
I know he isn't, right?
You go and do your business
I'm bored
Such a number one
I am not Tang Ya’s identity
Is it possible to get dressed up so quickly?
That one didn't come back
How does it feel to get married? I heard
People of one generation get married
As a parent
I have never been married before.
The other party has grown an industry
You are married
The body is boneless
It was so early when I came back to find half of the dowry.
You came back today
You went out early
What did you say
That kind of person you marry
Isn’t that enough?
Do you still think that we can't come back to you if we say goodbye?
No need to look back at the door
I only want my dowry
It costs 300,000 for me to marry you.
What dowry
What is the heat dissipation?
I've never heard of it
What are you afraid of me seeing?
Look at you checking cards with that Huiwen guy
It's your wedding day
Talk about the daughter who got married
water from marriage
You and our cousin
It doesn't matter at all
It's okay, you promised me
You want me to marry you
Just give me the three hundred thousand
But let my mother be in the good life room
Take the secret drug
Where is my silly sister?
Don't forget
Back then, when a girl got married, her mother was more than ready for my dad.
Why don't you take care of your mother first?
Don't mess with dogs
Let dad send Lepi away
It’s time to go to the moon first
My parents don't understand how your mother died.
How could you possibly save me?
My mother is not that kind of person
What is going on with this younger generation?
Because I don't even know
So please pay attention to your words
If you dare to disrespect my mother again
I helped you
Then you must have that ability too
I see you are not in love. Are you beautiful? Tell me.
It happens to be used in your home
Not that
Like dad
I have no plans for your home.
Your substitute
Already bought it for a medical doctor
Don't give it to you, don't connect it
I'll drive you out when you're far away
Miss Tang is out
how is he
doesn't look good
I guess I was angry when I was there
I checked
He didn't ask for company
That was punished by Tang Yongshu
How much is 300,000 yuan for him?
The Tang family's piece of land is only a few and one is very good.
Then use this piece of land
Let those old people from the Tang family
This is not a useful person
Give it all to me
cleaning cleaning
Why CEO?
But I've been here
As soon as you get married, you should be serious about it.
Come on up so quickly!